Modification of README CHRIS SUMMA BY EDWARD GARCIA:

I have modified Chris Summa's modification of Dr. Angel's code in such a way that the same program should be compilable for Windows with Visual Studio.  Here's what to do after you've installed CMake on your system:

1) make a subdirectory of graphics_angel called "build"

    mkdir build

2) cd into that directory

    cd build

3) execute CMake using the CMakfiles.txt one level below

    cmake .. 
    
    By default, Windows will cmake to "Visual Studio 14 2015" or you can explicitly run:
    cmake -G "Visual Studio 14 2015" ..

4) fix any errors or install any missing libraries

5) Open angelcode.sln in Visual Studio

6) set the environment variable ANGELDIR to point to graphics_angel

    In your Environment Variables set ANGELDIR to

    ANGELDIR=/path/to/where/it/lives/graphics_angel

8) Build Project ALL_BUILD in order to build all examples into /bin/ folder

    The appropriate DLLs should already be included in this directory

8a) If you would like to run just one project directly from Visual Studio, Right-Click a Project in Solution Explorer and Set as Startup Project.

README FROM EDWARD ANGEL:

The code in these directories is organized by chapters. There is a REAME in directory that describes the examples. All are examples from the text and include many eexamples that are not in Appendix A. Readers of previous editions will notice that most of the examples are reworked examples from the fifth edition to be compatible with OpenGL 3.1. The old code is on this website and makes an interesting comparison.

The Common directory has only the InitShader source code.

The Include directory has the usual OpenGL includes under the GL subdirectory. Note you will only need the freeglut includes if you use freeglut instead of glut. This directory has the Angel.h header files which will do most of the includes for you, assuming that you are using freeglut. It will include the vector and matrix classes in vec.h and mat.h. Note the examples all use Angel.h and the related namespace directive.

The libraries in the lib directory are for use with Windows under cygwin. We tested all the examples on cygwin (linux under Windows). The way freeglut is setup can require the its lib file to be in the same directory as the application. More on this later. 

I plan to add subdirectories under each Chapter for webgl and Mac versions of the code. 


